And next up we have the services section where we would like to display what services the company provides.
Now let's head over back to our project within the indexation memo right after the end of about section.
I'm going to create two more comments and we'll then the right services section up in paste and end
of services section.
Okay.
Now once we have the comments let's start by creating a section.
Then let's add right away our generic class for departing.
Remember the class name was section and land right away.
Let's also add services class.
And then last but not least we're going to add also a services I.D. just so later on we can set up our
number.
So once we click on a link we can navigate there.
And then I'm gonna look for the title and in this case we could scroll up of course but we could also
use a shortcut where I press command f then I could just type title and this in fact is going to find
me a title if I am gonna be able to in fact spell it correctly.
So let's look for the first title that's not what we're looking for.
And then we have a hero title and then of course we have our own title.
So that's exactly we're going to grab.
So let me copy and paste that like so.
Then again I can use in fact my shortcut where instead of title I'm going to look for services.
And sure enough I'm back in the services section.
As always you can scroll up and down and look for the title but I'm just showing you a shortcut.
And in most cases the shortcut is gonna speed up your development.
All right.
Let me copy and paste that then let's write a different title.
So let's write our services services like so the moment we say that since we already have the classes
and see assess for the title as well as section set up remember our generic class well that's the reason
why we write or we have this awesome layout.
Now within the services section what we would like to do.
Well let's create a section center class.
Remember that was also responsible for already some success as well as services center for in fact setting
up our columns.
So we have a services section and then right after the title I'm going to write that there's going to
be a div let's say section center comment something like that and then let's write like I said there.
Section center that is the class that we already created before and then services center that is going
to be responsible for a cloud.
And then within in fact this Dave I'm going to set up a few articles.
Now again I'm going to create some comment right away single service let's copy and paste that and let's
in fact write and of single service and then within a third single service I'm going to have the article
article with a class of service like so and then let's start placing our items first of all I would
like to place an icon.
So I'm going to have a span with the class of service icon like I previously mentioned.
If you don't like this kind of setup of course within CSX you can just use the service class let's say
and then style whatever you like.
No I do prefer adding the classes because it just makes a little bit makes sense for me.
But again it's really up to you then within this particular span I'm gonna place my icon and the value
for the icon is going to be I.
So I element and then few classes and I'm going to start with F and wallet.
Now I'm also gonna add a fixed class for my icons because in that case all my icons are gonna have fixed
with so the layout is gonna be exactly the same.
And this class is coming from phantasm.
So again we don't need to invent a door or anything like that.
I just add this FAA fixed with and there you go.
I'm gonna have my wallet icon then after that there's going to be some info.
So right after this panel I'm gonna place a div with a class of service icon like so and then within
this there there's going to be a hearing for with a class of service Tyrell let's just ride saving money.
MIKE So let's say that that is going to be our title.
And then right after the heading for there is going to be a paragraph with a class of service text.
Now within the paragraph I'm gonna have it on all five 10 words something like that.
So Lorem 10 12.
It doesn't really matter.
Let's go with 10.
Let's say that and that is going to be our first service.
Now what I would like to do right now is in fact grab my service.
So single service comment all the way up to the end of single service comment and then let's just copy
and paste it twice two times nice one.
And then let's just change some of these values around where for a second one we're going to have a
different icon and the icon is going to have a value of tree like so that is going to make my tree and
as well as the title is going to be unless I can I King something like that.
And last but not least we have our socks for amazing comfort.
So let's change again the icon but change it to socks and let's write amazing comfort and amazing comfort.
And there you go.
We're done with our Asian email setup.
Now we can start our styling.